The Joe Rogan experience.
And she's just, she's like a, my buddy. I mean, she's like a ratchet Chucky,
you know? Well, it's.
The, the uncanny valley that right.
She's in the uncanny valley where it's not quite a human where I went to
Invidia. Once they're a video card, um, video game mm-hmm <affirmative>, they,
they make a O cards for computers,
like really high end graphics cards and for gamers and stuff like that.
And one of the things that they had was, and this was quite a few years ago,
they had the state of the art fake CGI person that you could kind
of talk to. And it was animated. Yeah. And they were like,
we're not quite there. Like, we can't do them mouth, like the tongue,
you can't do the tongue correctly.
I'll show you. And because the muscles that's, what's so.
Fascinating. Yeah. There it is. This is, this is what we looked at.
This is exactly the guy that we looked at. And, um,
is this the video of the show that I did? That's like 2013 face works.
You can look it up. Yeah. That's why,
so this was the guy and he's also balded because they can't do the hair. Right.
Yeah. But of course this was six years ago. Right. But look how close it is.
Look at the skin. That's.
Pretty amazing. Like stub. I mean, that's like razor. Yeah.
And also the eyebrows are really good. Yeah. But it's the.
Eyebrows. It's still uncanny. It's still not quite a person.
There's something wrong, but that's video,
which is better to duplicate than those are. Wrinkles.
Are good. Yeah. It's,
it's wild because it does make you realize flaws are what makes something look
human. We spend all of our time trying to be without flaws,
but that's actually what sells it.
Well, what as a woman, like, how do you feel about that? Like that?
And we've talked about this before with, with, with guys,
guys that use filters on their pictures. It is, I thought.
You can say fillers, cuz.
Do that too. Now they do that too. That's weird. Yeah. That's weird.
They're both equally weird. Yeah.
But there's something particularly disturbing to me about guys who use filters.
I mean, I only know.
One. I'm glad I'm not single. That's all I'm gonna say. Cause I,
I don't think I, you know, but yeah. I mean it's um, alarming,
but a lot of guys do. I mean guys are also getting Cal implants and and guys,
what, what?
Who's getting.
Calf implants. I don't think anyone we know, but Cal implants are a thing.
No, it's a big deal. Yes. It's a big deal.
Mont of course. 15 years ago. Yeah. Yeah.
I thought that was a joke. I don't believe so. Oh no. I never watched.
Entourage. People get CA implants guys are getting facelifts. I all kinds of.
You know, I know guys are getting lip and, but what they.
Say, but guys you suck. Get lip, lip injections. That's yes.
I would imagine that's a different thing. I don't know.
There's I know guys that wear makeup <laugh> guys that wear makeup.
There are some guys that I what's going on here. Is this a CA.
These are cats. Plants. Website. Yeah. It's just Google images for cats. Yeah,
we got one of the lower left, but by the way, you can just run Hills you.
But when you do this, can you still exercise? Like,
can you grow muscle underneath it?
Wow. That guy's calves look very impressive on the right. I do have to say,
I mean, they, they changed him.
It's shortcuts. How much of.
These? Oh, those. No. So.
Fake those look like that fell down.
You know what those look like? Like a, a cop, like a athletic cop. Yeah.
It does. It looks like a, like a fencer. Uh, yeah.
Had to keep from getting kicked in the nuts. Yeah. No,
he did that at the mini mall. And that's.
Bad. How about that guy down there?
Are those bad or good? Right? There's pretty.
Good. Look at this one. That's pretty.
Realistic. What does it hang on. It's what I don't understand.
I used to really be into the surgery channel.
Well, I mean, it's gotta be like, like.
A tip silicone, like a fit tip. Yeah.
Silicone or water based or something like that.
But how do you live with yourself? I don't know. That feels like a tricky one.
Do you're probably just trying to get laid and you're sad anyway. Oh no.
How the scars? No. Woo. Oh, it looks like that's some Pinocchio right there.
I don't like that. What's the thing on the left. Has it rotted?
What are all those veins? I think you.
Got the implants to take care of.
That problem. Well, I'm glad my robots least disturbing thing you've.
Seen looks. He has some injuries. Yeah, but you a bit by wolves. This.
Is why I got him. And this is cause he got beat. Cause he got eaten by wolves.
Yeah. Those looks like where attacked.
They sliced right behind his knee and just, just.
Dropped him in. But look at his, there was no other options. His legs.
Weren't great. Well, here's the other option. Don't get cath implant.
And stop running around. Outside with wolves. Well.
Go, go. No, I'm just saying. Yeah. Don't think you really got bit by wolves.
If that does happen. I thought that that's if wolves get you,
they usually get you get you. It's very coyotes might do that to your calves.
Yeah. There's.
No like margin of bear with.
Wolves. Yeah. They just break the bones or your leg with one bite.
This guy had an injury. Cause.
It's a car accident. He was.
Younger and uh, calves wouldn't grow.
Yeah. I think a lot of it's reconstructive. It's just one sentence. Oh yeah.
But a lot of guys get that.
I know a guy with Peck implants. He was a skinny guy. Depress implants. Yeah.
He got Peck. He got under his,
under his meat of his chest to make his chest poke poke forward more.
And so is that,
is that something somebody does cuz they can't accomplish it naturally or
they're just lazy and cutting corners.
You have to ask them. But the reality is there's things, people,
some people are ectomorphs and ectomorphs are like really thin people that have
an incredibly hard time gaining weight. Yeah.
Their body just doesn't metabolism. Yeah. It doesn't grow mass. Yeah. They,
their muscles don't grow. Right? Yeah.
Male, plastic surgery is a really big thing now. But putting filters on it,
I don't know. That feels like a slippers. I love.
That show by love it live for. And uh,
one live for one episode was actually pretty interesting.
Whereas a guy had been in an injury and he got his calf destroy or his uh, his,
his breast destroyed his Peck. Yeah. And they had to fix it. How?
I don't know that's wild. He just, he had nothing there.
So he had like one that was like here. There was a guy who was a fighter.
Who's a, a high level UFC fighter. His name is Trey Telman.
He fought VTO Belfort in 1997.
He was veto Belfort's inaugural fight in the UFC.
And we didn't know about VTO when VTO was 19 years old and I knew who he
was. Cause I was training with VTO back then I was, I was uh,
a white belt at Carlson Gracie's school on Hawthorne in uh,
west Hollywood mm-hmm <affirmative> so we knew he was this phenomenal talent,
but a lot of people didn't know that he was this incredible boxer.
He had this crazy hand speed. He lit this dude up. But anyway,
Trey Telman was in a car when he was a little kid and uh, he didn't have a Peck.
Like his chest was caved in.
It's very see if you photograph of Trey Teleman the guy was a stud too and
handsome fella too. But everything else just super jacked.
But he had this crazy Peck injury. I mean also look at that. See that.
Oh. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah.
It looks like someone just like scooped out. Well he was a baby I think.
And he was in a car accident had pretty significant injury.
That would psych me out. <laugh> yeah.
Yeah. If a guy took his clothes off and you saw that.
I mean, I just mean what that's your opponent. You're just like, oh.
Right. But he um, um.
That's badass. This there's something hot about it. There's this is, this is,
I think there's something primal of like he's survived some right.
Stick with him. There's something hot about that.
Like that dude from the wire with that scar across.
His face. Totally scars.
Any kind of proof of injury proof that you've been in battle is attractive to
my, yeah, that's a weird primal brain. I hate myself.
For it.
Do you know that the Nazis you used to have dualling scars that were very
popular across the face. It was a big deal. They would all,
they would get 'em on purpose.
Like they would get into duals with swords and they would have dualling scars
and a lot of the operation paperclip Nazis that we got from, uh,
the Soviet where we got from, uh, Germany, rather at the end of world war II.
When you know NASA on a bunch of, uh, German scientists,
a lot of 'em had these horrific Duling scars that they did their face on
purpose. No, they would get in, in,
in boarding school and in military school they would get in fights with swords
and they would cut each other's faces open weren't they on meth.
And too. Weren't.
They? That was more Thetas for sure. But that was more the Japanese.
That was the Kamakas the Kamas as the way they got them to, uh,
fly into boats and just explode their airplanes the way they got 'em to do that
was they were me outta their mind. Jesus America. Yeah.
But try to find a picture of, uh, Nazi Duling scars.
It's crazy because like some guys that were hanging out with Warner VA, uh,
Warner Herzog rather. Um, no, we VA bra Warren Zog director, the director, the.
Yeah. We Arvon bra the guy was the head of NASA. When they went to the moon,
he had this,
these guys that were working with him and these giant scars across their face,
huge like, like, was it.
Like a scars? Was it like a ritual, like to show your pecking.
Order? Yeah. Which showed you were a badass that you, you had gone through,
but it was a big thing with the Nazis and there's some ho photos of these guys,
young kids with huge gaping open wounds. See here's here's the photos.
Holy ex yeah. Go zoom in on oh Jesus zoom in on the, uh, yeah. See,
this is a guy. This is right after the dueling cults. That's um,
so I was just reading an article on this.
It said that women found it attractive. Yep.
So someone guys actually would do it on purpose. Oh yeah.
They would have Dockers sliced off their cheek. Well,
look at this guy right here with the goggles.
Go to that guy with the goggles right there, right there. Yeah. Look at that.
Yeah.
He's got two big scars on his face and they had the goggles so they can cut
their eyes out. This is before anesthesia. Oh yeah. See. So he is got a,
a plate over his nose to keep his nose intact cuz he couldn't really stitch that
back on,
but they would take these huge scars on their cheeks cuz they would be Duling
with real swords and they would have these practice Duling matches and then
they'd have to stitch 'em up. So these guys all had these huge scars,
by the way, when he comes back to cauliflower ears,
a lot of guys did that themselves on per believe. They're stitching 'em up. Who?
Um, a lot of guys, um, did that themselves. They would their ears. Yeah.
They would smash theirs on oh yeah. All the time. Cause it makes white belt.
White belts. Yeah.
A lot of white belts that wanna be like bad asses they'd smash their ears.